Miss Su, are you alright?
Sucho get off me
Miss Ye, what do you want to do?
Why are you here again?
Didn't I teach you enough last time?
Don't you want to find the Empress?
Come with me and I'll tell you where he is
Help me deliver it to Mr. Shen
Sucho, are you very proud now?
God thought you won, didn't you?
Miss Ye, are you not good at Chinese?
Competitors win and lose
You're not on the same track at all
Ah Jin broke off the engagement with me for you
He also terminated all cooperation with the Ye family
Now I've become the joke of the whole imperial minister
Are you satisfied?
Whether you're a joke or not has nothing to do with me
I became like this because of you
Without you, Jin
He's already with me
Why?
Why did I put so much thought into it?
You only appeared for such a short time
To make him care so much about you
Ajing Ajing
Did you call Ajing?
Come on, what did you bring me here for?
Sucho, you are not a genius
Can you count many times?
See if you can get Shen Xiujin.
What kind of virtue did he use to be?
Shen Shuojing 7 years ago was not Shen Shuojing
He's just a dog in a cage
He was locked in here
Tortured and abused
pick
Shen Xiujing was born beautiful
Such a superior shape
Even a mad dog can be targeted
Except for me that day
It's all old men
There were seven or eight people competing to film them.
Ye Zhen, tell me this
Is it to provoke me?